Feature/dx 976 logourl (#624)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-purchase.md

|                  | └─➔&nbsp;`paymentUrl`             | `string`     | The URI that Swedbank Pay will redirect back to when the payment menu needs to be loaded, to inspect and act on the current status of the payment.                                                                                                                                                       |
| {% icon check %} | └─➔&nbsp;`callbackUrl`            | `string`     | The URI to the API endpoint receiving `POST` requests on transaction activity related to the payment order.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| {% icon check %} | └─➔&nbsp;`termsOfServiceUrl`      | `string`     | {% include field-description-termsofserviceurl.md %}                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | {% icon check %} | └─➔&nbsp;`logoUrl`      | `string`     | If the configuration is activated and you send in a `logoUrl`, then the Swedbank pay logo is replaced with the logo sent in. If you do not send in a logoUrl, then no logo and no text is shown. If the configuration is deactivated, and you send in a logoUrl, this is not handled.                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| {% icon check %} | └─➔&nbsp;`logoUrl`      | `string`     | With permission and activation on your contract, sending in a `logoUrl` will replace the Swedbank Pay logo with the logo sent in. If you do not send in a `logoUrl`, then no logo and no text is shown. Without permission or activation on your contract, sending in a `logoUrl` has no effect.                          |
```
